README.md, before:


## Game Mechanics:
- There are **3 Powerups**: ```Heal Orb```, ```Speed Orb``` and ```Strength Orb```
- You can only have **one Powerup at a time**
- You consume them by using **Action Key : ```Q```**
- Once You consume an Orb you get the desired Effect
- The Project uses the **New Input System**
- The ```BlockBreaker.exe``` can be found in the ```Build/Windows/``` Folder
- When You reach the final room You see a **win screen** displaying your score and your **locally stored highscore**
- The ```HUD``` consists of 3 parts: ```DebugBox``` (with things like **Countdown**, **Score**, Room, Stage, Damage, etc.), **```Healthbar```** (including **current Powerup** and its details) and ```Effect Display``` (with the **current effect** and remaining timer)
- There are 3 ```Enemy Spawner``` types: ```Standing``` (unused), ```Running``` (with variable speed) and ```Watching``` (walks to You and **starts running at close range**)
- Once The Enemies hit You, You loose Health
- When You die or win, the game displays a **win/loose screen** and **restarts the game** after 5 seconds

## HUD
<img width="2555" height="1439" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d2f233e-eb3d-4306-8534-7de28938ba4c" />

Commit message:

Revise game mechanics and HUD descriptions
Updated game mechanics and HUD details in README.

README.md, after:


## Game Mechanics:
- There are **3 Powerups**: ```Heal Orb```, ```Speed Orb``` and ```Strength Orb```
- You can only have **one Powerup at a time**
- You consume them by using **Action Key : ```Q```**
- Once You consume an Orb you get the desired Effect
- The Project uses the **New Input System**
- The ```BlockBreaker.exe``` can be found in the ```Build/Windows/``` Folder
- When You reach the final room You see a **win screen** displaying your score and your **locally stored highscore**
- The ```HUD``` consists of 3 parts: ```DebugBox``` (with things like **Countdown**, **Score**, Room, Stage, Damage, etc.), **```Healthbar```** (including **current Powerup** and its details) and ```Effect Display``` (with the **current effect** and remaining timer)
- There are 3 ```Enemy Spawner``` types: ```Standing``` (unused), ```Running``` (with variable speed) and ```Watching``` (walks to You and **starts running at close range**)
- Once The Enemies hit You, You loose Health
- There is an **Immunity System** in place which prevents You from getting too much damage when an enemy is touching You
- When You die or win, the game displays a **win/loose screen** and **restarts the game** after 5 seconds
- To close the game press ```Alt```+```F4```


## HUD
<img width="2555" height="1439" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d2f233e-eb3d-4306-8534-7de28938ba4c" />
